Long ago
Just like the hearse you
die to get in again
We are so far from you
Burning on
Just like a match you
strike to incinerate
The lives of everyone you know
And what's the worst you
take (Worst you take)
From every heart you break?
(Heart you break)
And like the blade you stain
(Blade you stain)
Well, I've been holding on tonight
What's the worst that I could say?
Things are better if I stay
So long and goodnight
Came a time
When every star fall
Brought you to tears again
We are the very hurt you sold
And what's the worst you
take (Worst you take)
From every heart you break?
(Heart you break)
And like the blade you stain
(Blade you stain)
Well, I've been holding on tonight
What's the worst that I could say?
Things are better if I stay
So long and goodnight
Well, if you carry on this way
Things are better if I stay
So long and goodnight
Can you hear me?
Are you near me?
Can we pretend
To leave and then
We'll meet again
When both our cars collide
What's the worst that I could say?
Things are better if I stay
So long and goodnight
Well, if you carry on this way
Things are better if I stay
So long and goodnight